Add developer documentation for making a release (#992)
catalystneuro/neuroconv: docs/developer_guide/making_a_release.rst

Release Process for Neuroconv
=============================

A simple to-do list for the Neuroconv release process:

1. **Format Changelog**:

   - Format and update the changelog.
   - Ensure correct formatting and add a header to indicate that the changes belong to a specific release and not upcoming ones.
   - Example: `Commit Example <https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/commit/2fbea8f05e5bd92c445fcbb6bf24de45330fcbbc>`_

2. **Set the Correct Version for Release**:

>    - The development version (the current code on `main`) should be one patch version ahead of the latest PyPI release and therefore ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The development version (the current code on `main`) should be one patch version ahead of the latest PyPI release and therefore ready for the next step.
```

   - If a minor version bump is necessary, change it accordingly.
   - Example: `Version Change Example <https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/commit/af91f09f300cb36ba4fee483196c8cb492c180ae>`_

3. **Perform Checks**:

>    - Ensure that no requirement files include pointers to non-standard branches (e.g., GitHub links).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Ensure that no requirement files include pointers to `git`-based dependencies (including specific branches or commit hashes). All dependencies for a PyPI release should point to the released package versions that are available on conda-forge or PyPI.
```
